Add triage for 2022-12-13 (#1506)
rust-lang/rustc-perf: triage/2022-12-13.md

# 2022-12-13 Triage Log

> Fairly quiet week with the only excitement coming from a nice improvement implemented by @nnethercote which fixed a pesky performance regressions in the linting system. This produced a 0.6% performance improvement across a large amount of the real world crates we test against. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fairly quiet week with the only excitement coming from a nice improvement implemented by @nnethercote which fixed a pesky performance regression in the linting system. This produced a 0.6% performance improvement across a large number of the real world crates we test against. 
```

| Improvements ✅ <br /> (primary)   | -     | -              | 0     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (secondary) | -3.9% | [-4.0%, -3.8%] | 2     |
| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | 0.4%  | [0.4%, 0.4%]   | 1     |
- A single tiny regression on a doc profiler, not worth worrying about. ([commented here](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/105486#issuecomment-1344956405))

Rollup of 9 pull requests [#105512](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/105512) [(Comparison Link)](https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=0d5573e6daf99a5b98ace3dfcc4be2eb64867169&end=a000811405e6a3ca9b0b129c1177e78564e09666&stat=instructions:u)

| (instructions:u)                   | mean  | range          | count |
|:----------------------------------:|:-----:|:--------------:|:-----:|
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (primary)    | -     | -              | 0     |
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (secondary)  | 1.1%  | [1.1%, 1.1%]   | 1     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (primary)   | -0.2% | [-0.2%, -0.2%] | 1     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (secondary) | -0.4% | [-0.6%, -0.2%] | 6     |
| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | -0.2% | [-0.2%, -0.2%] | 1     |

> - The regressions is small in absolute terms, only in instructions count, it's a short stress test that doesn't seem to be the only one to exercize some codepath changed in this PR. Nothing jumps out in the rolled up PRs nor seems to apply to the other benchmarks. There are also small wins elsewhere, so this seems fine. ([commented here](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/105512#issuecomment-1345337596))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The regressions is small in absolute terms, only in instructions count, it's a short stress test that doesn't seem to be the only one to exercise some codepath changed in this PR. Nothing jumps out in the rolled up PRs nor seems to apply to the other benchmarks. There are also small wins elsewhere, so this seems fine. ([commented here](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/105512#issuecomment-1345337596))
```
